welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna get jiggy with it by
watching the 1999 film idle hands let's
get to it we open with a classic and
undeniably 90s credit sequence then on
to a nice suburban home where Gary and
Norma are getting ready for bed when
they flip the lights off it reveals a
foreboding message scrawled on the
ceiling they assumed it to be a silly
prank by their slacker son Anton until
they hear a strange noise downstairs
Gary goes to investigate while Norma
tries to keep herself occupied to calm
her anxiety when this fails she goes to
check on Gary finding herself face down
and nearly kissing a bloody surprise
where she retreats to the safety of her
bedroom we finally get payoff for that
prank from earlier the next morning
Anton wakes up and surprised to find no
one feeding him but not one to let the
day go to waste he gets comfortable and
treats his asthma when he runs out of
his medicine he visits his friends Mick
and put up to see if they're holding but
they're not as they talk we learned
there's been news of a killer wreaking
havoc on the town and Anton also gets an
opportunity to zoom those peepers in on
his crush Molly he gets lucky in which
she drops her lyric notebook she's
grateful he returns it but he's too shy
to leverage the opportunity meanwhile in
Beaver Utah we meet Debbie LeCours
master of disguise and tracker of evil
entities in this case she's been
attracted to this town by his string of
murders but fights her prime suspect to
have a withered hand indicating she's
too late later on at home under the
dangerous influence of marijuana
withdrawal Anton tries to get his fix by
combining nutmeg and oregano and it
seems to work I don't know how to drugs
while satiating as much he's he manages
to get distracted sufficiently enough to
consume tainted mayonnaise and in the
aftermath of this discovery finds his
parents and his friends show up in a
Seth Green does this yeah I don't think
he understands what these movements
imply when they realize what they've
walked into they immediately suspect the
town's serial killer and when they start
gathering clues the evidence doesn't
speak in Anton's favor although he has
no memory of committing these dark deeds
the truth comes out and make attempts to
call 911
to an extreme degree but nub then tries
to leave and we see the culprit is
Anton's hand working toward its own
agenda he tries to undermine its intent
by holding it back and giving peanut
escape advice but it ultimately gets the
upper hand as he tries to process this
and attempts to take in some hands
centered contents but gets frustrated
and flings Anton's cat out the window
this brings Anton across the street to
Molly's house where his
quirky behavior intrigues her almost
prompting Jessica Alba to begin acting
they retire to her boudoir where she
clearly demonstrates this is an
essentially done deal I'm impressed
you need to raise your standards young
lady they awkwardly worked their way
through the make-out session til their
teen passions wane and Molly's parents
come home they set a second date for the
school's Halloween dance and Anton jumps
out the window back at his house Anton
takes a moment to be rias trends and
family as he says his final farewells he
hears a strange noise that accompanies
maken dub returning from the grave then
they Wang with a shovel he wakes up
assuming the most recent events to have
been a bad dream resulting from an
excess of Manny's consumption however
when he goes downstairs he finds his
friends still chilling turns out the
light was down a pretty long hallway so
they just opted not to go to it then
deciding the only way to get to the
bottom of this possession is to learn
more about Satan Anton heads off to find
his heavy-metal neighbor
Randy who makes the suggestion that he
keeps his hands busy this is what he's
doing when he gets peeped on by a couple
of officers checking on a noise
complaint they survey the scene inside
and recognizing they found the killer
bust in on them thinking of the public
safety Anton tries to go willingly but
he can't get them to cuff him quickly
enough and his hand takes over finally
hitting the last straw he decides to
take matters into his own hand making
several attempts before getting the job
done
Mick helps close off his blood vessels
and then he and pinnell go to get
first-aid supplies at this point Anton
discovers the hand doesn't actually need
him to survive Anton manages to wrestle
it into the microwave right as Molly
shows up for their date they go out the
front as the boys arrive from the rear
having fixed pinups head situation and
looking to enjoy some gas station
burritos they open the microwave and
accidentally let out the hand
Anton convinces Molly that he's not
quite ready for the Halloween dance so
she should go ahead without him then he
circles back to attend to the matter of
his hand he quickly learns that it
escaped and he goes to look for it
meanwhile the cure has arrived in town
attracted by the recent news of a highly
active local killer she happens upon
Randy and after telling him about her
hand hunting mission he tells her about
his neighbor who's suffering from a
situation remarkably similar to what
she's describing Anton finds evidence
the hand is pursuing Rowley and gets
Mick and put up to help him locate her
at the dance Randy and lockira arrived
just in time to follow them at the dance
we witness the teens engaging in some
sort of rhythmic bodily gyrations
but it's not totally clear what this is
supposed to be the boys searched the
floor for Molly while Anton pursues his
ex-girlfriend down the halls he
eventually runs across the Cure who
offers him a remedy in the form of
ceremonial stabbing however Anton is
able to quickly show her that he's no
longer a host to evil they then tried to
warn everyone to leave in our laughed at
until the hand makes an appearance in
wreaks havoc the girls take the safe
route ducking into the dumps but they
quickly reach a dead end with some quick
thinking molly is able to save herself
but Tanya doesn't come through quickly
enough and is plastered all over the
inside of the vent unfortunately despite
these efforts molly is almost
immediately captured then the boys meet
up and follow the sound of Molly's
screams they find her being raised
upward in the direction of the roof and
they have a hard time getting the hand
to release its grip they can only slow
it down with the power of drugs giving
look.here enough time to show up in
spirit then overcome with the lust of
success Molly and Anton make out under
the lift and pronoun backs identity hits
the lever crushing him we find out that
the boys have finally opted to move
along to heaven now
but Anton holds back to kick it with
Molly who which is radical and that was
idle hands a cautionary tale possibly
either for or against drugs or for or
against Satanism I'm not really sure if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]